And to start with, we're going
with the Super Charge field
force.
So just to give like a you know
a use case Briefing or the use
case behind like what, what was
the idea behind and how we are
helping out the field force was
available in the market like the
you know out in The Who is out
in the market and going to the
HCP's for the promotions and
everything for our drug right?
How we're able to help them and
support them is something what
we have done with the
Supercharge.
So Supercharge is basically what
we have created is sort of a
tool right here where we are
supporting the field force to
actually prepare for the any
drug, OK, they're going to
basically go out into the market
or talk to HCP's right for their
promotions, right.
So how how we are doing this?
Like it's sort of a simulation
of sort.
We can upload few document set
of documents where any field
representative could actually
ask the questions to the
Supercharge right?
Where is it's like sort of a
conversational UI is which which
is there, right, and the uh, it
will simulate the doctor's
intention, right?
It will Supercharge will give
you the questions and ask
questions around that.
OK, it will basically monitor or
give the feedback to the field
force how they are actually uh
giving answers.
How can they improvise like
they'll be?
Uh, the further recommendations
of sort right where we could
actually give to the field force
as well.
So right, so that that would be
how we could be able to help the
field first, right.
So that is one thing and then so
basically it's, but it will
enhance the experience of the
field force.
And HCP's, when the field force
actually go into the basically
into the market and and like
promote their product, right,
since they will have the better
knowledge about the product,
they would know what what's the
drug efficacy, right?
So the all these details they
could able to actually simulate
through the tool and prepare
themselves before they go out
into the market and have an
interactions with the HCP's.
Yeah.
So that's how and ultimately
like.
Obviously, since there'll be a
better interactions, right, we
would have for, uh, better sales
like business target, they'll be
able to reach the business
targets and that's how we're
going to help the field force
over all and all right.
So yeah, this is as a bit of a
thinking behind the use case
right from the Supercharge and
now maybe we can take you
through the tool so that it will
be a bit more clear like how we
are doing that.
OK.
Thank you, Vibhor.
So I'll quickly share my screen.
Yeah.
So so Supercharge is deployed in
the Azure web app.
It has three layers to it.
The front end layer basically on
reactor node and the middle
layer which is or the middle
where using the fast API is to
connect the front end and the
back end using APIs and the back
end layer which is the core LLM
layer using GPT 4 and text O2
model and and now logging into
the Supercharge a.
It has a the basic username and
password based authentication
which is encrypted and stored in
the Cosmos DB and this this is
not the landing page.
Usually the landing page will be
the the calendar view and the.
And the field force will be able
to create a new events or
appointments over here.
Something like this based on
their appointment or convenient
time that I have scheduled with
the doctors and when they click
on the appointment button it
gets enabled as a I mean there
is a button that gets enabled
called get supercharged over
here and apart from that there
is also a Workspace button on
the sidebar.
So when we click on this
Workspace button, the admins
will have the documents uploaded
in the corresponding workspaces.
So Supercharge is built to
support 3 languages.
English, Chinese and Japanese
and here also if I'm clicking on
any of the workspaces, the
English Workspace let us assume
and there is an ask Supercharge
button that will get enabled
over here which will take this
to the the the core LLM layer
uh.
So as soon as the documents are
uploaded it will be chunked and
indexed and the indexes will get
created in Azure and the
summarization will happen on the
API layer and there will be
individual summary of the chunks
that will get created 1st and
then there will be an overall
general summary for all the
documents that is getting
uploaded in the Workspace we'll
get created.
So as I said, the summarization
happens on the API layer which
will feed as the input for these
questions.
There are like in in chat in
charge PT we have seen like
there there will be 4 questions
that could generate at the
bottom.
Similarly, in Supercharge also
we have 4 questions that gets
created which is based on the
summary of the the documents
that is coming out of all the
things in the workspace.
So this is this is all about
calendar and the Workspace and
here we have got 4 categories
which are Suraj is going to
explain about each of the
categories.
Umm yeah, so in each Workspace
we'll feature the ask
Supercharge section and in the
Ask Supercharge section
basically user can query through
the knowledge base of the
Workspace they select.
So right now Ruthran is in a
drug Workspace like KESIMPTA
Workspace.
So here user can input their own
query or maybe choose from this
pre populated questions.
So we have 4 queries, right?
All categories drug efficacy,
adverse events and objects and
handling.
So user can query within any of
these categories, right?
And let's suppose user will
input their query Ruthran.
Maybe you can input one query,
yeah.
Yeah, I have problem sample
question that you can.
So whenever user will input the
query basically there will be a
semantic search through the
complete knowledge base.
The knowledge base, again as
Ruthran mentioned, may include
all the different PDF and the
word documents which the user
upload for that particular drug.
So after getting the results of
the semantic search, the LLM
will provide a constructive
answer to that query.
So yeah, so for this query this
is the answer.
So here user can like query
through the complete thing and
in this sections out of these
four sections right the
objections section actually
stands out.
Here user can inquire inquire
about any of the objections that
they might have.
So yeah, and they can also
request the LLM to generate any
objections like we have given a
like here.
If you see the 4th question is
actually to suggest some
potential objections from the
CP.
So the field force can actually
ask Supercharge to generate the
objections and basically clarify
their objections before they go
to the doctor.
So this is the idea behind Ask
Supercharge and yeah and here we
have enabled the streaming
feature as well.
So that user doesn't need to
wait for the complete response
to come and they can like go
through go and read through the
response as and when it comes.
Also like one more feature we
have here in this screen which
is the save chat feature.
So user can actually save the
existing chat or umm they can
also review the safe chats so
that feature is also there at
the top Ruthran if you can
scroll.
Yeah, using this button user can
save the chat, so this is about
Yeah, this one.
Ask Supercharge.
The last part is for simulation
over to you Ruthran.
Yeah.
So yes, I think this is your yet
to complete.
OK, fine.
So Simulation part in the
simulation LLM will act as a
doctor and it will ask questions
to the field force.
This will help field forced to
get prepared for the interview
before they visit to the
doctors.
We have given the Doctor Persona
to the LLM here.
We also use Azure speech
services to convert the speech
to text and for the LLM to
process and the response from
the LLM will be getting
converted from text to speech or
using V yeah right.
So now I'll I'll have this.
Hello doctor.
I am Ruthran.
I'm here to discuss about the
KESIMPTA drug.
It's a bit slow today.
It it it, it gives the audio
also enabled so it has that both
both the text and the audio and
explain the audio.
I don't have the option to
enable the audio, I mean to to
show the audio but within waters
environnent but yeah, so it it.
It basically asks now if I it
it's asking about a introduction
to KESIMPTA drug, right, so.
OK, Nimita is the drug which is
used to treat multiple
sclerosis.
So basically an unknown the
conversation begins.
Uh, it will ask several
questions.
A after one after the other.
Yes.
So this section also like shows
the audio capability within
supercharge.
Here we can input the audio and
even get the output in the form
of a audio.
So and using this section,
basically user can or the field
force can actually from ohh
simulate or talk to the doctor
like simulate their conversation
with the doctor before they
visit the Doctor, ensuring that
they are ready with any
questions the doctor might have.
Yeah.
So this is all about
Supercharge.
So any questions that you have?
So this is Nishan.
Gotcha.
Yeah.
So we complete questions.
So one question is so as we saw
right, I mean the drug name, you
did not pick correctly like they
sent out the spelling was wrong
when you you spoke to the mic.
So for that, is there any
implication like the follow up
Right.
questions for that?
Isn't that will it get affected
because of the misspelling?
Yeah.
It is.
It is because of the the VDI
environment.
If the same see I'm in, I'm
using my own laptop and within
that laptop I logged into
Novartis environment.
But if if I I spell it correctly
within with the I mean outside
within what is in the document,
right?
This without the VDI then it
works fine for us.
I have.
We have already tested all these
capabilities.
OK, alright.
And then expression is.
Now let's say you know I engage
in and conversation with your
agent.
Now at the end of the
conversation, how you know how
Umm.
good that conversation quality
was?
Like you know, I mean how happy
the doctor uh is with the
answers that I will giving.
So is there any sort of metrics
that we track there?
We we were supposed to have that
as after the POC if it's moving
to production, so the feedback
mechanism is not enabled for
Supercharge.
So we were supposed to have that
as we it is not part of the POC
for us to be honest.
So we did not do that, but we'll
be able to do, if at all it is
moving to production.
Alright.
And and for the response is that
it is generating like the
replies.
Use any few short prompts or
something, or how is it?
Sorry I did not catch the
question properly.
No.
So it is.
It is a leading the response
right?
I would like to know more about
this in the PC and all right, so
Umm.
for that I mean do you have any
underlying document that you
have already put in place using
any retrieval augmented
generation mechanism or is it
like a you know you are using as
Yeah.
some sort of feature prompts?
The Workspace Nissan is where
all the different document for
Yeah.
this Workspace has been
maintained.
If you can click on the
workspace, OK and so you know we
do to make it more streamline
and for the simpler use test
testing we just create three
works with Alley.
We still have, you know, 1520
involved right for each
different drugs by the region.
Now we have only three
Workspace.
Is a global where we can do the
testing for Ennis then and we
have this tree document uploaded
related to Presenter Dirts.
Then we have other tools, one
for Japan and one for China
locations, and the based on the
ability of the filled, regroup
and participate the you know
testing and who have experience
That's.
or expertise on that particular
drug dose only we bought the
document and upload it.
So all these you know, prompting
the drug of efficacies, then
objection handling all the
responses are specific to this
document that is being uploaded
and in those particular box
businessman.
OK, OK.
And so these these documents are
details, the efficacy parameters
and all inside it or or.
Umm. Yeah.
Yeah. Yes.
So yeah, those details are
available in those documents.
OK.
And even the I don't still this
thing or the when we are showing
the prompt response.
Also we give that reference from
where this you know you know the
this where the response is
getting from.
Those, I mean the section you
mean to say with section.
Not that they section no, the
section is not implemented yet.
You know, just to make sure that
people, the POC scope we just
mentioned that can you go to the
prom again, it wouldn't and just
ask those questions then you
know I don't have that section
not the section but the
reference the document is just
Yeah.
yeah just click any apps or any
questions. Yeah.
Yes, so here at the end, we are
just showing the PDF name or the
document name for now and also
when you hover over that you
You.
will see a small section of the
from where the information is
Umm.
extracted.
You know, I mean the standard
change it gives the reference of
the source, right?
Umm, right, right.
So that kind of source.
So if you hover over certain
section that you can see just
mouse over yeah.
OK.
And now moving to the calendar,
I want this so just go to the
calendar.
Here, Linda.
Yeah.
Linda is just a placeholder for
now.
We don't have any specific
features or function.
No.
What we envision is tomorrow.
Next, you know that can In Sync
with the user Ms Outlook
calendar now, so that you know
they have a one single place of
Yeah, exactly.
you know their events being sync
here.
But this is just for the user
experience.
What we have want to show the
business is saying then install
going through outlook.
You can come here.
You can see all upcoming events
which we have booked or you know
reserve forbid ICP.
Then you know you can once you
have it.
What did particular, you know,
events or calendar?
You can just get Supercharge by
US training themselves on those
particular drugs as questions.
And you know those kind of the
field, there's one.
So there is what we put the this
landing page, but at the moment
it doesn't have any feature
except for.
You can just add events and see
that you know event is captured
here.
Umm yeah.
So my question was around like
does it have any outlook
integration or not?
No, not at the moment you send
you, yeah.
So yeah, but.
OK. OK.
Thank you.
You Yep.
Thanks a lot guys.
And thank you.
So in the interest of time, I'll
hand over to a Subramanian,.
Shubham thanks Ruthran and Suraj
Shubham.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Can you take over for Sam?
Sure, sure.
Thanks, Lavanya.
So let me just share my screen.
Yeah.
So Sam is basically is there to
help in the hiring process and
the screening process.
And here we are utilizing Jenny
I capability and text to voice
and voice to text capabilities
of Azure services.
So I'll just talk about some of
the sequence diagrams that we
have in place so that we can
better understand the system.
Yeah.
So yeah, this is the first flow
where let's just say there are
basically 2 users in the system.
There is A1 Interviewer and
there is one Interviewee OK and
as a Interviewer I can just go
and upload my resume.
OK, so if you see.
So yeah, let's just say user
comes and uploads.
It's resume.
So what we are doing, we are
keeping all the information and
related to the resume and we are
getting the contacts out of that
particular PDF.
We are saving that into our
database and at that point in
time basically that particular
context will be used in
subsequent further calls for the
interview session.
So it is very basic flow where
we are just collecting that
assume information OK if we go
to the next floor that is the
main flow where actual interview
is happening.
So if you see.
Yeah.
So candidate needs to provide
one particular resume ID.
Maybe what?
He or she already uploaded in
the previous screen, and once
that is there, there is one you
can say.
The API layer is there and we
will be getting our storing all
the chat history information.
So for the first interaction,
definitely there wouldn't be any
chat history.
So for the subsequent call, we
will be fetching that chat
history as well so that we can
prompt or provide so those
responses to the LLM.
And yeah, once once we have the
context we have, let's just say
some question from the candidate
side and we would be sending
these information to our LLM
system.
So right now we are using prompt
flow for all our endpoints.
So once we send these
information to prompt flow,
prompt flow will be providing us
the response as a.
Interviewer so they would be
asking a question and let's just
say as a candidate how we are
responding.
So those interactions would be
happening through our prompt
flow and those interactions
would be happening through a
text.
So we have one particular Azure
services as well in place.
So it would be converting text
to speech and speech speech to
text and all the interactions
that we would be seeing on the
screen would be happening
through audio.
So this is this is the main
Interviewer.
Your Interviewee interaction,
where the interview is actually
happening.
Apart from that, we have one
more flow where we are seeing
that it is a Interviewer flow
just one.
Yeah, this is the last flow
where let's just say as a
Interviewer, I want to maybe
know what all questions I can
ask from a candidate.
So here I can just upload a JD
job description and based on
that we will be just extracting
information from that and
getting the context and we will
just send those information to
our prompt flow.
There would be a like apart from
this context we will be sending
a prompt and based on that it
the system will provide us with
easy, moderate and hard
questions.
So yeah, that's about all the
flows that we have, so.
I can give you a UI demo of the
whole flows that we talked
about.
Thank you, Siva.
Over to you say, yeah.
Yeah.
Let me share my screen.
Let me know once my screen is
visible.
Yeah, this is.
Yeah, this is the initial screen
when we can, when we came into
the application, some
application we will be seeing a
button called here like when
user clicks on the click here
button we will be showcasing a
dialogue box by having it two
options called interviewer and
interview.
If user uploads and interview by
uploading a job description,
we'll be getting the
questionnaires as uh, Shubham
Express just before.
Once we upload any job
description of that user.
We'll be fetching the questions
for that job description.
You can see the response in the
bottom.
Yeah.
And in the back end here we are
using prompt flow to fetch the
questions from the context
within the job description.
These are the questions.
Easy questions and moderate,
difficult and hard.
Questions three.
Yeah, types of questions, we
will be displaying for this user
And sure, Shubham and Ruthran
like you guys have not
once.
implemented streaming here.
No.
So not yet.
We haven't implemented that, but
yeah, we we can do that in
future, so we.
Yeah.
Evening.
Do it as a best practice for
whole thing.
You know, maybe this will come
from Satya, but I'm just my
suggestion, OK?
Because the you know the weight
time is going to be, everything
Umm.
is going to the wait time, right
response time, correct?
So for every chat interaction,
if you implement it, I think
there is going to benefit, you
know, and it become a practice,
right?
So for anything that we do or
will forward, so then we don't
need to axe or remind you guys
saying that this is what needs
Yes, into.
to be done in support of this,
right?
So because there is one of the
challenges we face, remember in
Yes, yeah.
terms of performance, OK,
continue.
Umm.
We were asked to migrate from
Langchain to prompt flow and we
got very limited time, so this
is just an analysis of Sam.
Umm.
OK, if you're planning to do it,
fine.
Yeah.
If not, then you know, just
think about it.
Yeah, sure, yeah.
Yeah, but it's just you.
Please just like you know really
to so this.
That you love.
So upgrading.
Yeah, just one.
Yes.
Hi, your voice is sorry.
Your voice is breaking very
badly.
Yeah.
Because but.
Hi.
So we can't hear you.
The uh, that's true.
We can't hear you, Sai.
Your voice is breaking very
badly.
I think you can't hear us.
The. Yeah.
Yes, I had ping him.
Yeah, having OK, it was called
come later.
Yeah.
Let me maybe cycle are you
around or maybe let me share my
screen something.
Yeah.
So I think, yeah, the interview
we flow was already shown by
Sai.
So we can discuss about the
Interviewer flow.
So basically here.
I Shubham I think Interviewer
was discussed.
We need to go to Interviewee.
OK.
OK.
OK, sure.
Yeah.
Bye bye.
So yeah, we can just upload a
resume here.
Yeah, I have.
OK, so basically once the resume
is uploaded good, we are just
giving one button to in start
the interview based on those
particular resume that the user
has approved.
Yeah.
So here as as I.
OK, so right now the system is
actually speaking whatever tax
you guys are seeing here.
So I think it might not be
audible to you guys, but the
system will be automatically
saying that text that is
mentioned here.
So all the interaction that on
this screen is happening is
through voice itself.
And here if you see the name
that is mentioned here, it is
taken from the context that was
uploaded in there itself.
OK so.
Yeah.
I I'm a software developer.
How I can assist you today?
Yes, so here this is the part
where it candidate can give the
interview.
So like LLM is asking Shubham to
introduce himself and give give
background so Shubham can use
the audio functionality to do
that Suman can you please like
give a small interaction?
Search up the high Sam.
My name is Shiva moja.
I'm here to give an interview
today.
What all the questions I should
be expecting?
OK, not sure like me.
Super.
Probably introduce yourself as a
the candidate, not yourself,
OK.
because it's not able to.
Umm, no, I think some audio
issues there, but yeah.
Hi I'm a software developer with
seven years of experience in
Python.
OK.
Should don't.
Don't wait for the audio to play
just to go ahead.
OK currently I'm working on a
rack component which is using
LLM.
Yeah, actually like Shubham
stopped in the middle.
So there is a bit of issue.
So basically the idea in this
screen is like a candidate can
come and keep on answering the
questions which are LLM.
Has and once the interview gets
completed.
Basically it will show a.
It will show some strength and
weaknesses to the candidate.
Later on we can add more
features or more metrics or to
OK.
how the edge of how the
candidate performed in the
interview.
And yeah, this is the main idea
in this screen.
Better.
Yeah, just.
So maybe let me try it.
Just say conclude the interview.
Yeah.
Yeah, let me try to conclude
that and the interview.
Yeah.
Just to conclude the interview
and it'll conclude.
Yeah, it seems that your audio
was misinformed.
So this session might be
cancelled.
So yeah, maybe you can just end
close the session, yeah.
And.
You're gonna have to speak
loudly, like otherwise it the IT
was not recognizing my hope.
OK, OK.
Yeah.
I I think for some reason, yeah,
it was not able to.
Hi I'm Shubham.
I have seven years of experience
in Python.
Hmm, OK.
Uh, I think the resume is a
fresh.
Can you please end the
interview?
Yeah.
So what happened here is the the
resume is fresher and you
introduced as seven year
experience.
Like right, that it direct
correct.
So that's why it's causing the
confusion.
So at the end it should provide
a with a metric or in terms of
the performance, how the
performance.
OK so.
OK, since I don't go uh, since
that audio interaction was, it
didn't go well.
I think that's a feedback we
got, but otherwise it would just
show proper feedback saying how
the interview went.
Correct, correct.
Correct.
Yeah, that was the all loving.
So when you say Feedback, you
set extral back or like it gives
Yeah.
Maybe.
some numerical score as well.
It's a textual Feedback
numerical score.
We haven't got to that point
yet.
And the guys are you using as
your EA cells in the like no for
this?
Sorry, can you please repeat the
machine?
No.
Yeah, she wanna settle.
Right now, right now we are not
using Nissan I any age search
because again we are directly
taking the context from the CV
itself and using that giving
that to the LLM.
So we are not really using any
doing any retrieval or or using
AI search.
OK, OK, alright.
So it is based on that document
only that is being uploaded.
Yeah.
Yeah, there is one and this V
respectively.
Directly we are getting the
context from there.
OK.
OK, I think we have crossed
beyond the meeting timings.
Thanks team.
Thanks Ruthran, Shubham, Suraj
and Sai Vibhor for your for the
all the hard work and showing
the demo.
Thank you all.
Thank you and have a great day,
I.
Hey, thank you. Thanks.
Thank you.
Thank you. Bye.
Thank you.
Thanks everyone.
That.
Thanks.